# Doctor-Patient-Portal
Here, I want to create automated doctor patient portal which is thoroughly access via online. It can be used as an automated private clinic system. Because, there are 3 types of user and they are: “Admin”, “Doctor”, and “Patient”. Here, Admin can handle all the system. Initially Admin will add the doctors in the system after that Admin can handle Doctors but as well as Doctors can Set his/her appointment, edit his/her profile, change his/her password and access other operation of system also. Admin can add Donors and delete donors also. Here, Patients gets normal user privileges for getting these privileges he/she must have register him to the system or admin can add them. After successful registration Patient can login into to system by providing their username and password. After logon they can search specialist doctor, they can check doctor’s appointment and they can book that’s doctor’s schedule on his selection date and time. If they have any note or prescription from doctors they can view it here after his/her login. So, there is no hardcopy note or prescription problem. Every patient have particular id so, if doctor want they can see his patient’s previous condition or report by search patient’s id. And if Doctor want to add new prescription or report or new note he/she can update his/her patient’s prescription/ note/ report easily. 
When a Patient booked a Doctor’s appointment, that Doctor can see this appointment after his login on his home page. If any Patient’s need any organ Doctor can search their available donors and as well as Patients can also search available donors also. If any Patient can donate his any organ, then he/she can register himself as a donor. 

